It's all this point, Shen Xiujing hasn't come back yet
Sister Shen Qiu, what did you do? I'm sorry, ma'am.
We cannot disclose the whereabouts of Master Shen
Don't tell me I can't see it for myself yet?
Tigermen
I'll see who dares to touch him
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
Who told you to lock me in the villa and these
madam
This is the leader of Jinyang's No. 1 Tiger Gang
Jinshan monkey
level 16
We are coming to kill you tonight.
Brother, I have so much money on me
I can't spare a single one tonight
I see. I see.
Don't get excited
Why does this person look familiar?
Sands Tiger
Have we met somewhere?
Oh, service lady.
We seem to have met somewhere
We mind not talking
Don't, don't give me a light touch, light it up
Big brother, you don't study well
Learn to be the boss of Dragon Humen, right?